<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_installing_router_software">
  <title>How to Install a Synology WRX560 Wi-Fi Router (software)</title>
  <shortdesc>
    After you've installed your router's hardware, it's time to connect to the software!
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Connect a wireless device to your router by scanning the QR code provides on <xref href="https://www.synology.com/en-us"> Synology's official website. </xref>
        </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Use Synology's default login information to connect to the Wi-Fi network. Synology's default SSID is is "Synology_" and the last 6 digits of your router's serial number, and its default password is "synology" in all lowercase. 
        </cmd>
        <stepresult>
          <note type="tip">
            Synology requires you to change this password during the setup process. 
          </note>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step><cmd>Open a web browser on your wireless device and search up either of these URLs:</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice>http://router.synology.com</choice>
          <choice>http://192.168.1.1:8000</choice> 
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol>to launch the SRM Setup Wizard. 
        </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Read and agree to the Synology End User License Agreement, then click <uicontrol>next</uicontrol>. Repeat with the Privacy Statement.
        </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Set up your administrator account by filling in the necessary information. 
        </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Set up your Wi-Fi network with the necessary information. Wait for the Setup Wizard to finish the setup. This may take up to three minutes. 
        </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Sign in to SRM with your newly set-up administrator account. 
        </cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
