<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_troubleshooting_hardware">
  <!-- LINDGREN
    Love these troubleshooting topics. Here are some suggestions to consider throughout:
    - Note how some inspection moves include multiple potential options and suboptions, so I would consider using some form of choicetable or substeps.
    - Are these ordered or unordered? If sequence doesn't matter, then you should be using <steps-unordered>. You may also consider another element called <steps-informal>, wherein you can provide more paragraph like content with less rigid step-based XML rules.
    - If any of these are highly contextual to some specific task topics, then consider also considerthe steptroubleshooting element: https://www.oxygenxml.com/dita/1.3/specs/langRef/technicalContent/steptroubleshooting.html. You could also conref any in, after your write up this topic.
  -->
  <title>Troubleshooting Physical Issues</title>
  <shortdesc>
    If resetting your router doesn't work, there may be some physical issues, such as a faulty power source, hardware damage, or the router being in the wrong environment.
  </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Check that the power outlet for your router is working properly. You can do this by plugging a different device into the same outlet and checking that it's charging.</cmd>
        <stepresult>
          <note type="tip">
            If the router's indicator lights are off, it could be a sign that the outlet or the power cord aren't working.
          </note>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Inspect the router, modem and cables for signs of physical damage. This can include tears or kinks in cables, dust build-up in the router vent, and cracks or dents in the router or modem.</cmd>
        <stepresult>
          <note type="tip">If there's a dust build-up in your router vents, you can try removing it with compressed air or a cotton swab. If any of the hardware is damaged, the best thing to do is replace it!</note>
          </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Check the placement of your router. If your router isn't in a central location, is too close to other sources of electricity, or is obstructed by materials like concrete or metal, it may need to be moved to receive a better connection.</cmd>
        <stepresult>
          <note type="tip">It also helps to put your router in a cool area where it isn't being hit by sunlight. This helps reduce over-heating and dust build-up!</note>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>
          Check your device's connection to see if the issue has been resolved.
        </cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>